Apparently, he only kills murderers.
So I heard.
From all appearances,
Lunatic will continue his killing
until every criminal is wiped out.
Man, with Lunatic around,
crime will soon be a thing of the past!
He seems to be more effective
than the heroes, don't you think?
What a face!
[theme music]
I must say, this is unexpected.
We never thought something like this
would cause the public
to mistrust our city's heroes.
If more and more people question
their abilities, it could be disastrous.
You're right-- It could
put Hero TV in jeopardy.
We've got to do everything we can
to prevent that from happening.
At this point, we've got too much money
invested in them.
Let's focus.
We can't afford to have someone
operating above the law.
Lunatic may think he's fixing the world,
but the Justice Bureau doesn't approve of
the use of capital punishment.
We should be putting together a plan
to arrest him
and as soon as possible,
before there are more victims.
Wait a second! How do we do that?
We have no idea when
or where he will strike again.
[arguing]
Everyone, please, calm down.
The immediate problem for us
is that people are beginning to
support Lunatic's actions.
Our top priority should be to help
people regain their trust in heroes.
We need to convince our citizens
that the Heroes are the true
representatives of justice in this world.
[clapping]
Young ladies and gentlemen,
today some currently active heroes
have come here to address
the Hero Academy!
[cheering]
-What a waste of time.
-Huh?
We're not being effective here.
We should be out on patrol
looking for Lunatic.
But the higher-ups want us
to regain the people's trust first.
Their trust in what?
Our pretty smiles?
[sighs]
Ah, so we finally meet!
Pay attention, everyone! I shall now
teach you the secrets to becoming a hero!
Shwing! Shwing!
[groaning]
That's right, everyone!
Now, repeat after me... Shwing! Shwing!
Whew! It's so hot.
I'm tired.
Don't tell me you want to
go home.
[sighing]
Sounds good to me.
What? You're giving up?
Why not?
Hey, what happened to you?
You were so jazzed about
that Ninja star thing.
I was putting on a show
for all those kids!
I'm not really qualified to teach anybody.
Huh?
I mean all I ever do is
stay in the background.
Who am I kidding?
I'm the lowest-ranking hero.
You shouldn't worry about that.
And I got bashed on my blog last week.
Seriously?
It was full of comments telling me
I wasn't really made to be a hero,
and that I should just quit.
That's pretty weird.
I wasn't aware you had a blog.
If you're worried about what's been
bringing down our reputation...
I think it's been me.
Tell me something, were
you always such a downer? Huh?
Hello boys, are you ready?
Principal Massini!
How are you, sir?
Ahh, Barnaby!
Good to see you! You've
become such a fine hero!
Well, it's all because of this school.
Thank you, my boy,
I'm happy to hear that!
Ivan! I've been following
your activities, too!
Please don't call me by
my real name, sir.
Yes, you're right!
I should be calling you 'Origami Cyclone'!
The both of you have
made me so very proud.
Ah! Mr. Tiger!
So pleased to meet you!
Right back at you.
Hope you don't mind I'm here, even though
I'm not a graduate of the school--
Don't be silly!
The students will be thrilled
to meet someone who's an ex-star hero!
Maybe you could leave out the 'ex'
and just introduce me as a star hero?
Why, of course!
We're all looking forward to hearing
the lectures from the three of you.
-Right.
-Sure.
One of the most important things
a hero needs to do is to earn points.
Take before it is taken.
That's a well-known
phrase in this industry.
Right!
Protecting people is your
most important task!
You can't let anything get in your way.
Destroy buildings if you have to.
Don't worry about the damages, all right?
Right!
The most important thing
a hero needs to do
is to be able to showcase his sponsors!
When you're being interviewed on-camera,
make sure your logos are visible,
does everyone understand?
Uhh...
I'm not doing this
just for screen time.
Can you give us any tips on how to
save people who are in trouble?
Uh... let me think.
[all talking at once]
Hey, Mr. Tiger! Please, Mr. Tiger!
Take it easy, everyone!
Show me your powers,
one at a time.
Yes, sir. My power's pretty unique.
[grunting]
That's different...
Nobody else can stretch
their skin this far.
Heh! You've got a great smile.
Me next! Watch this, sir,
I can sweat buckets.
S'cuse me?
[grunting]
Pretty impressive, huh?
Heh! Sweet sweat!
-Hey, can you watch my powers now?
-Can I be next?
[grunting]
Can we all become heroes like you?
Uhh, well... anything's possible.
[cheering]
Can I actually become a hero?
I'm not sure I have what it takes.
Come on, that's not true.
You're really lucky, Edward.
Everyone says you're bound to be
a hero, once you graduate.
Not like me, I'm just a big failure.
Hey! Why so down on yourself?
Isn't it obvious?
Look at the power I've got.
I don't even know how to use it.
You'll be fine. There's gotta be
something only you can do.
There is, but for what purpose?
You're over-thinking it.
It'll become obvious as you train.
Thank you very much, Mr. Tiger
You're welcome!
It'll be tough for them to become heroes
with those kinds of powers.
They're more like sideshow attractions
than NEXT...
Hey, Tiger!
Huh?
Hey, what's goin' on?
Would you mind taking a look at
my powers, as well?
Huh?!
Wow! Amazing!
That's okay. You don't
need to copy me.
I'm serious.
You can stop now.
[growling]
I'm not kidding, Origami!
Oh, sorry about that.
You know, that's an amazing power.
You can actually shape-shift
into other people.
The only thing is,
it's not really useful for saving people.
You think so?
You could shape-shift into me
and use my Hundred Power.
Not really. See, I can copy
a person's appearance,
but not their powers.
That blows.
I knew it! I'm not fit for being in
the company of superheroes
with powers like these!
I should just quit right now
and get a job. [crying]
Now I'm starting to feel depressed.
Could you stop crying with my face there?
Oh! Sorry.
Maybe you shouldn't
obsess over it.
Huh?
I'm sure there are some situations
that your power would be perfect for.
Actually, someone once
told me the same thing.
Huh?
That someone was a friend who was
a NEXT at the top of our class.
But I didn't take his words seriously.
Really? But the guy never
went on to become a hero.
The fact that you became one is important.
It means that you were better suited
for this work than he was.
That's not true.
Of course it is!
No, really, you're mistaken.
Don't be so modest!
Believe me, I'm telling the truth!
What?!
He should've become
the hero, not me.
Hm?
I remember like it was yesterday, Barnaby,
everything you did when you
were a student was perfect.
I don't know if you realized it,
but the whole school looked up to you.
Aww...
You even had a fan club.
That never happened before.
They all wore glasses
in the same style as yours.
Stop, please--
You're embarrassing me.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Tell me... What was he like,
way back then?
Hey. Enough, already.
Not you, Bunny.
I was talking about Ivan.
Well, Ivan was interesting.
He was talented, no question.
But he was very quiet, always hiding
behind his closest friend at the academy.
Was that the student
he keeps talking about,
who was at the top of his class?
I'm sure it is--
He was actually very gifted.
But while he was still a student here,
an incident happened...
Really...
We haven't talked about it much at school,
it's a very bitter memory.
Where's the car I ordered?
Have any heroes arrived?
No, not yet.
Let's go, Ivan.
Uh!
Come on,
we have to take care of this.
But using our powers off-campus
is against academy rules.
You've gotta be kidding?
Think about it! The powers we have
are meant to help people.
What good are they if
we don't get involved?
My powers aren't even useful.
Don't worry. You'll do fine.
I'll back you up. Let's go.
Wait a minute. I'm not sure...
You wanna become
a hero or not?
What's takin' so long?
I'll kill her, I swear I will!
Alright, give it up! It's over!
Who the hell are you, kid?!
You little punk!
Let go of me, scumbags!
Ivan!
Help me!
What are you waiting for?!
[gunshot]
[gasping]
[trembling]
I heard about that entire incident.
Even though it was an accident,
he was charged with murder.
As a result, Edward ended up in prison.
He was no longer eligible
to become a hero.
That explains Ivan.
He should have been the hero, not me.
Wait a minute...
Is Edward still in prison?
Not anymore.
[gasping]
Huh?!
Long time, no see.
Edward! I--
This brings back memories.
It was at this spot that
you often asked me for advice.
How did you get here?
I thought you were still in prison.
I came back for revenge.
He broke out?!
Yes, I got the call a few
days ago, and I--
[screaming]
Do you know how much I've suffered
because of you? Huh?!
I was this close to becoming
a certified hero.
But you ruined everything!
Why didn't you try and help me that day?!
I went to save someone,
so why am I now the criminal
while you're the hero?
This is your fault, coward!
I lost everything!
Because you were too
scared to move!
Origami!
Edward!
What's he doing?
Leave the kid alone!
[gasping]
Are you all right?
Why did you guys
have to interfere?
Hm?
I'd be willing to die if I thought
it would somehow make him feel better.
Why would you say that?
You have to understand.
I'm the one who ruined his life.
Edward is just looking
for someone to blame, Ivan.
He should never have stepped in.
What happened back then
was not your fault.
Hmm.
No. He asked for my help.
And I was so afraid, I froze.
I couldn't move.
All I could think about
was getting killed.
As it turns out,
I might as well have been.
If I'd jumped in, he would have been
a hero... a much better hero...
than me.
Listen, you're comin'
at this all wrong.
Edward simply wasn't ready to be
a hero back then
and he'll mess up again
if you don't stop him.
What do you mean?
I can't do anything.
Wouldn't that be the same mistake
you made before?
Let go! Ivan! Help me!
What are you waiting for?
Remember. You're a hero now.
Hey, I'm better than
I thought I was.
And so modest, as well.
-Huh?
-You're not supposed to brag about it.
It's no big deal. Let's go.
You have a good partner,
Barnaby.
So he keeps telling me.
Edward! Edward!
[gasping]
You were looking for me, right?
So what's with the scared face?
I came here to ask
you to stop.
Come on, Edward-- Please!
Shut up!
[gasping]
Sinful one...
Your time has come!
It's Lunatic.
Why did he shoot at me?
You escaped from prison without atoning
for the murder you committed.
You will pay for
that with your life.
Foolish man.
You should stay here.
Edward, are you all right?
[screaming]
Remember.
You're a hero now.
Did you think you could
escape from me?
[trembling]
Wait a second!
I'm the real Edward!
What the...?
You said you were after me, right?
So what are you waiting for?
Senseless killing
goes against my principals.
Identify yourself, sinner.
I told you, I'm the real Edward!
You're prepared to atone for your sins?
Very well.
-[gasping]
-Damn it!
Because sinners have to
pay the price.
Accept your punishment as
justice.
Go ahead! I'm gonna
protect Edward!
Go on! Shoot!
[gasping]
I have no choice. Those who
defend sinners are also evil!
[yelling]
You're not getting away!
Good job there, Origami.
What is it you want with Edward?
He doesn't have anything
to do with Ouroboros!
Heh!
You're not attempting to
silence people for your organization?
I have only come here to make
evil-doers atone for their sins.
Are you trying to tell us
that you're not with Ouroboros?
You talk too much.
Don't play coy. Because of you,
I lost my lead to Ouroboros!
That's too bad.
Don't be stupid!
How reckless. Has hatred
consumed you, hero?
Hear the voice of
Thanatos!
Ah!
[gasping]
[grunting]
[yelling]
Ah!
[struggling]
Are you all
right?
Don't worry about me.
I'll be fine.
[growling]
Calm down--
Don't get crazy.
But...
I have no wish to
fight with you...
What?
Let me make myself clear.
I'm just giving murderers
what they deserve.
Killing people?
That's what you call justice?
The oldest form on Earth.
An eye for an eye.
Yeah, well I have a very
different approach.
My idea of justice is
arresting idiots like you!
[gasping]
Interesting. We shall see where
that sense of justice leads you.
Wait a minute!
Bastard.
Sorry, no one can enter.
I wish we could start over again.
Wipe the slate clean?
I know this is partly my fault.
Shut up, will ya?
Thanks for saving me.
I appreciate it.
Huh?
I'll be waiting here for you, Edward.
Hey, Bunny...
Yeah?
Aren't you glad that old palm face
isn't really related to Ouroboros?
Or maybe you're not so glad.
[police radio] Unit 3, this is Central.
We need an update. What's your twenty?
[Stealth Soldier]
Today's Hero Campaign was welcomed
with a lot of excitement across the city.
I'd particularly like to credit
the work of Origami Cyclone.
This boy is a true hero!
I was just doing my job.
But I want to announce that, from now on,
I won't be staying in the background
any longer! Shwing! Shwing!
Huh! Well, what do ya know?
[theme music]